[footsteps]
[jazz playing]
Three.
Two.
-One.
-[whistling]
-Zero.
-[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY
A SLICE OF TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
[peaceful music playing]
[birds singing]
COFFEE POIROT
[straining]
All right.
Hmm.
-[beeps]
-Hmm?
[chair creaks]
[sighs] I should check
what the weather's gonna be like today.
Hmm.
It's gonna be hot.
I should make my cold brew.
Good morning. Nice day, isn't it?
-[Amuro] Good morning, Azusa.
-[laughs]
[Azusa] You're here earlier than usual.
Not really, I actually just got here.
-[food sizzling]
-[diners chatting softly]
Azusa, could you bring me
another cappuccino?
You've got it. One sec.
[door clangs open]
Oh! Hey, Midori. How's it going?
[Amuro] Welcome, Midori.
I know you're busy, Amuro,
so I'll make this one quick
and just get the usual, if you don't mind.
A ham sandwich, right?
Right. I'll also get--
An iced coffee with that?
Uh-huh. And one for Ms. Kisaki, so two.
Can I get all that to go?
Well, of course you can.
So, Midori, how has work been?
We've been busy.
That makes two of us.
I've been doing the best I can to help
Ms. Kisaki continue her winning streak.
You know how crazy it can get sometimes.
Totally.
-[woman] Uh, excuse me.
-Yes. Hmm.
Sorry about the wait.
[woman] Um, what's
today's dessert special?
[Azusa] Ah, yes, today's dessert special
is Basque cheesecake.
Midori, here's your order.
[Midori] No way. That was so fast, thanks.
I've got exact change.
That's perfect, thank you.
Come back soon.
[Midori giggles]
Right, I'll see you later.
-And good luck today.
-Huh?
[Amuro and Azusa] Thanks for stopping by.
The iced coffee is really popular today.
And it's not just because of the taste.
In the spring, people tend to order
iced coffee more than hot coffee
when it gets over 23°,
and in the summer,
people order it when it's over 30°.
Wow! That's pretty interesting.
I know, right? I heard it
from the manager this one time.
Makes sense.
Today's been pretty hot,
and I've got to be honest.
I could go for an iced coffee myself.
[Azusa laughs]
I'll get started on the dishes.
[humming]
You're certainly cheerful today.
What's got you in such a good mood?
Oh, nothing.
At least nothing special, anyway.
My throat was scratchy… [clears throat]
…because of the change in weather.
It was probably just allergies,
but guess what, it felt better
as soon as I got here.
[Amuro] Well, I'm glad to hear that.
Hey, I bet it cleared up so fast
because of your healthy habits.
-You've got to do better than that.
-Hmm?
You're a detective and that's the best
conclusion you can come up with?
That was pretty weak.
I've really got to get Mouri to teach me
his secrets of the trade.
-[Azusa giggles]
-[door clatters open]
-[door creaks]
-[Amuro and Azusa] Welcome!
Oh, Mrs. Tsuruyama.
[Tsuruyama] What a crowd!
I didn't expect so many people
to be eating a late lunch.
[Azusa] We have
your favorite seat available.
[Tsuruyama] Why, thank you.
Would you like your usual,
a sandwich set with a hot coffee?
Hmm.
[Azusa] Or maybe an iced coffee,
since it's so hot out.
Well, actually…
Huh? All she wants is water?
[Azusa] Yeah. I wonder why.
She usually gets here earlier in the day,
and I've never seen her
not order some coffee.
[gasps]
[Amuro] Azusa, can you bring this to her?
[Azusa] Thanks for waiting.
Here's your order.
Ahh! Why, how considerate.
I appreciate the hot water.
I was on my way home from the doctor's.
It just so happens
it's time to take my medicine.
I forgot to tell you now, didn't I?
I hope I haven't troubled you.
[Azusa] No, not at all.
[Tsuruyama] And this chair feels
so much better today, thank you.
[Azusa] Enjoy.
Hmm. Hot water, chair?
Huh?
[woman] See you later!
[Azusa] Thanks for stopping by.
Hey, Amuro, are you okay
with having pasta tonight?
Yeah, sounds good.
But… can you make my portion smaller?
Huh?
I came up with a new dessert recipe
and put it together this morning.
I made a couple of servings.
You want to try it?
Yeah, sure.
[Amuro] I only used one slice of bread,
so there's just enough for a taste.
Something tells me you like
having bread for breakfast.
And what evidence do you have for that?
[Azusa] Well, you know.
Because you're like…
well, you're blond.
[laughs] Because I'm blond?
Come on, Azusa.
You can do better than that.
Dig deeper.
What? Hey, no fair.
I'm not a detective like you are.
[both laugh]
[Amuro] It looks delicious.
It should be.
I'm no good at solving mysteries,
but I make a mean pasta.
What you're doing, all those roles,
it can't be easy.
Huh?
You're working here at Poirot
and training under Mouri
and working as a detective
all at the same time.
You're wearing three hats.
I just hope you're not
spreading yourself too thin.
[Amuro] I'm enjoying it.
I learn a lot from everything I do.
It all helps me get closer
to reaching my goal.
-[overhead clatter, banging]
-[both] Huh?
Sounds pretty lively up in Mouri's office.
Especially compared to how peaceful
it was here in the café today.
[Amuro laughs]
Before we go, care for some iced coffee?
Sure.
That'd be great.
[laughs]
We had just enough left for two glasses.
I guess you could say we sold out.
FITNESS CENTER
-[intense music playing]
-[gun firing]
[Kazami fires]
-[Furuya] Kazami?
-Hmm?
[Furuya] You need to relax
your right arm more.
Furuya.
Raise your gun.
Grip it just a little bit tighter
with your right hand than with your left.
As for your stance,
imagine you're a boxer.
Drop your hip,
and lean forward just a bit.
Your shots tend to pull to the left.
Have you been regularly
maintaining your gun?
[Kazami] Yes.
[Furuya] Skipping even a week
can greatly affect your accuracy.
-All right, again.
-Got it.
[fires twice]
Hey, would ya look at that!
Pretty good, huh? Oh.
Furuya?
[door creaks, clatters]
Hmmph!
[sighs]
[contemplative music playing]
[Azusa] What you're doing,
all those roles, it can't be easy.
You're working here at Poirot
and training under Mouri
and working as a detective
all at the same time.
You're wearing three hats.
I just hope you're not
spreading yourself too thin.
[Amuro] Wearing three hats is nothing.
The real me could wear a hundred hats
and put on a thousand faces.
But only one thought would cross my mind.
Shuichi Akai!
If only I could forget you.
[pensive music playing]
[theme song playing]
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪